How do you know that?
Look at uncle's eyes
The smartest
Uncle, can you marry Yaoyao's mother?
I'll peel off the candy paper for you.
Yangyang's mother didn't want to leave you just now
But Dad said my time has come
Can't stay here any longer
Really?
Promise mom
Don't leave mom, okay?
No car that night
They promise everything
Help me take care of my brother
Don't tell him about me
I'm afraid he will be sad
Good grandma
Brother needs you to take care of yourself.
He's used to having you by his side
Mom, I can't take care of him anymore.
I'm so tired I want to sleep
Bhutan
You can't sleep.
Don't sleep Danny
You wake up
Dandan
Can you leave mom?
Danny, don't sleep.
Dad?
Look at mom
Wait, wake up.
Danny, wake up.
I wake up
Danny ah
Thanks Danny
Dandan
It may not be long
I will also leave this world
Who will be sad for me then?